CZN Pathfinder - find the best way to navigate chaos maps. 

Once the full map is provided, you can define priority for different nodes (normal fights, elite, rest, etc), and script will show you the best possible path.
Use the panel on the right side of the window, it updates map in real time.
If you want to see how it works on test data, you can run a demo by selecting "Example_scan_result" folder and then Offline Scanner.

Now, how to get a full map from your game? The game does not provide it at the moment, so you have three options, listed below.
All of them require calibration first.
Full process overview: Calibrate (once), do one of scans (once per map), change score values (until shown path looks good)


Calibration: this will tell the script your game window size and how it should scale template images.
You must perform it once, then every time you change game's resolution. It is saved in settings file, don't lose it.
Instructions:
	Open the game in windowed mode (not fullscreen), show chaos minimap somewhere in the middle, to see many different nodes and modifiers.
	Press Calibrator button on script gui. It will open new window with in-game screenshot.
	Press Recalibrate button. It will mark every visible node with detected type, as in "NO" for NOrmal fight, or "RESH" for REst with a SHop.
	Confirm that every node has appropriate label. Default setting should be good in most cases.
	If labels are missing, try lowering threshold, press recalibrate and check again. If there are too many labels, raise it.
    If that does not work, try modifying template scale value. It is calculated to match game window's size, so it should not be tweaked too far from initial value.
Check Help tab for more instructions, Overlays to draw preview in different way, or Folders to load map fragment image from chosen folder.


Automatic scan: This will move the mouse programmatically and do all work for you.
This is not a bot / cheat, it simply drags the map until it sees the boss. It will not play through the map instead of you.
Requirements:
	The game is opened in windowed mode, at the start of a chaos run, the minimap is shown and in default position (not moved left/right).
	The script is running with admin privileges (game is also admin, so it will ignore signals sent by a non-admin process).
	It takes about 1-2s for a screenshot, and 5-10 screenshots for the full map. You MUST observe it working, at least first few times, as it may break in some way.
	If you see it misbehaving, quickly move mouse to the top left corner to stop it.
	Selecting folder is optional, it will output saved screenshots there. Without folder, scan is saved to Last_scan_result folder, previous content is deleted.
If all requirements are met, press 'Automatic Scanner', and a while later you should see completed map scan.
Tested on Windows, may not work with other systems. 99% of tests were done in 1920x1080, but any 16x9 resolution (up to 4k) should work.
Full source code is available on github if you want to inspect what it does. [https://github.com/SanderSzkola/CZN_Pathfinder]


Offline scan: Provide screenshots by yourself. This may be annoying, you will be emulating what the script is doing.
Professionally designed visual aid guide should be located somewhere in the project folder, you may want to check it.
Instructions:
	Make empty folder.
	Open the game, show chaos minimap in the default position.
	Take screenshot of the game window (not fullscreen), save it as png. (For example win+shift+s, or any other tool)
	Locate rightmost node in capture area (shown in Calibrator), drag it into leftmost node position, so previous and current screenshots share one column of nodes.
	Repeat until boss is visible.
	Once you screenshotted whole map, select this folder in script and choose Offline Scanner.
As script is only processing saved screenshots, this option does not require admin mode.


Halfauto scan: This option combines two previous ones, you control the mouse and script takes screenshots.
It requires admin mode, without it script stops detecting any mouse movement once the game is in focus.
Instructions:
    Open the game, show chaos minimap in the default position.
    Start halfauto scanner, switch to game window.
    Now, each mouse drag (press left mouse button, move, release button) of sufficient length will produce a screenshot.
    You can stop it at any time by pressing right mouse button. Short drags are ignored. Partially overlapped screenshots are still good.
    Locate rightmost node, drag it into leftmost node position, so previous and current screenshots share one column of nodes.
    Take care to release mouse when the map is still, do not swing map as it will destroy screenshot sequence.
    First screenshot is problematic, as there is no drag required to show right map fragment, so simply drag map vertically, from top to bottom, not moving left/right.
    Do those map movements until boss is visible, then switch to script.
    Wait for it to finish, it should not take long as it started when first screenshot was made.


You can customize the behavior of this script in Settings panel:
    Request admin on startup
    Check updates (only link notice, no auto update / download)
    Enable keyboard shortcuts
    Darkmode

You may also customize what is drawn in Calibrator preview:
    Mark detected nodes with text label
    Mark detected nodes with icon, cut in half for visibility
    Highlight paths between nodes
    Paint exclusion areas on screenshot
    Dim background to make script marks easier to spot

Exclusion areas are marked by diagonal yellow and blue lines.
    Yellow is not processed at all, script does not see anything located there.
    Blue is processed in a special way. Nodes located there are discarded, as they may be recognized incorrectly or not recognized at all. Modifiers are processed in a normal way.


Mini mode: script window may be minified by double-clicking map image, which together with 'always on top' option allows to always see map in a non-obstructive way.
    You can customise the size and position of mini mode window in settings.
    When you exit mini mode, the position of window will be saved for next use.
    Together with keyboard shortcuts, this allows for fast and seamless use of script, without the need to alt-tab between script and game windows.


Main flow of the script is more or less done, but the error handling does not cover every possible way the script may break.
If any subprocess breaks (like detect_nodes flagging Hugo face as Waypoint with 98% certainty), it may or may not tell you that it broke, you must notice and restart it by yourself.
If you see the script misbehaving in a strange way, consider making bug report. Attach Last_scan_result and log_file.log, so I can try replicating it.
If you have any feedback, feature request or bug report, you can contact me on discord, @sander_sa, or post a github issue.
